**GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE**

**PRICE DROP**

Language : [Français](https://ad-angelo.github.io/price-drop/fr/terms)

## Purpose

The purpose of these general terms and conditions is to define the terms and
conditions of use of the services offered on the site (hereinafter: the
"Services"), as well as to define the rights and obligations of the parties in
this framework.

They are notably accessible and printable at any time via a direct link at the
bottom of the site's home page.

They may be supplemented, where applicable, by specific terms and conditions of
use for certain Services. In the event of a contradiction, the specific terms
and conditions shall prevail over these general terms and conditions.

## Operator of the Services

The Services are operated by the Price Drop platform.

Price Drop can be contacted at the following coordinates:
[Contact form](https://ad-angelo.github.io/#contact)

## Access to the site and the Services

The Services are accessible, subject to the restrictions provided on the site:

- to any natural person with full legal capacity to commit to these general
  conditions. The natural person who does not have full legal capacity may only
  access the Site and the Services with the agreement of his legal
  representative;

- to any legal entity acting through a natural person with the legal capacity to
  contract in the name and on behalf of the legal entity.

## Acceptance of the general conditions

Acceptance of these general conditions is materialized by a checkbox in the
registration form. This acceptance can only be full and complete. Any adhesion
subject to reservation is considered null and void. The User who does not agree
to be bound by these general conditions must not use the Services.

## Registration on the site

1. The use of the Services requires that the User register on the site, by
   filling out the form provided for this purpose. The User must provide all the
   information marked as mandatory. Any incomplete registration will not be
   validated.

   By default, the User is registered anonymously as a Guest in order to test
   the site's features. As a Guest, the User acknowledges being aware of the
   risk of losing their data (purchases, history, settings). Consequently, Price
   Drop cannot be held responsible for the impossibility of recovering the
   user's data.

   Registration automatically results in the opening of an account in the name
   of the User (hereinafter: the "Account"), giving him/her access to a personal
   space (hereinafter: the "Personal Space") that allows him/her to manage
   his/her use of the Services in a form and using the technical means that
   Price Drop deems most appropriate to provide said Services.

   The User guarantees that all the information he/she provides in the
   registration form is accurate, up-to-date and sincere and is not tainted by
   any misleading nature.

   He/she undertakes to update this information in his/her Personal Space in the
   event of any changes, so that it always corresponds to the aforementioned
   criteria.

   The User is informed and accepts that the information entered for the
   purposes of creating or updating his/her Account constitutes proof of his/her
   identity. The information entered by the User is binding upon him/her as soon
   as it is validated.

2. The User may access his/her Personal Space at any time after having
   identified himself/herself using his/her login ID and password.

   The User undertakes to use the Services personally and not to allow any third
   party to use them in his/her place or on his/her behalf, unless he/she bears
   full responsibility for doing so.

   He/she is also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of his/her
   login ID and password. He/she must immediately contact Price Drop at the
   contact details mentioned in the “Service Operator” section of these terms
   and conditions if he/she notices that his/her Account has been used without
   his/her knowledge. He/she acknowledges Price Drop’s right to take all
   appropriate measures in such cases.

## Description of Services

The User has access to the Services described on the site, in a form and
according to the functionalities and technical means that Price Drop deems most
appropriate.

## Paid Services

1. **Price**

   The price of the Services is indicated on the site.

   Unless otherwise stated, they are expressed in local currency and all local
   taxes included.

   Price Drop reserves the right, at its sole discretion and according to terms
   and conditions of which it will be the sole judge, to offer promotional
   offers or price reductions.

2. **Price revision**

   The price of Services may be subject to revision by Price Drop at any time,
   at its sole discretion.

   The User who does not accept the new prices must terminate his use of the
   Services according to the terms and conditions set out in the article
   "Duration of the Services, unsubscription". Failing this, he will be deemed
   to have accepted the new prices.

3. **Billing**

   The Services are subject to invoices that are communicated to the User by any
   useful means.

4. **Payment terms**

   The terms of payment for the price of the Services are described on the site.

   Payment is made by direct debit from the User's bank card number.

   The direct debit is implemented by the payment service provider designated on
   the site, which alone keeps the User's bank details for this purpose. Price
   Drop does not keep any bank details.

   The User guarantees to Price Drop that he has the necessary authorizations to
   use the chosen payment method. He undertakes to take the necessary measures
   so that the direct debit of the price of the Services can be carried out.

5. **Payment delays and incidents**

   The User is informed and expressly accepts that any delay in payment of all
   or part of an amount due on its due date will automatically result, without
   prejudice to the provisions of the article "Sanctions for defaults" and
   without prior notice:

   1. the forfeiture of the term of all sums owed by the User and their
      immediate payment;

   2. the immediate suspension of the Services in progress until full payment of
      all sums owed by the User.

## Data

The User expressly acknowledges and accepts:

1. that the data collected on the site and on the computer equipment of Price
   Drop are proof of the reality of the operations carried out within the
   framework of these terms;

2. that these data constitute the only mode of proof admitted between the
   parties, in particular for the calculation of the sums owed to Price Drop.

The User can access these data in his Personal Space.

## User Obligations

Without prejudice to the other obligations provided for herein, the User
undertakes to comply with the following obligations:

1. The User undertakes, in his use of the Services, to comply with the laws and
   regulations in force and not to infringe the rights of third parties or
   public order.

   In particular, he is solely responsible for the proper completion of all
   formalities, in particular administrative, fiscal and/or social and for all
   payments of contributions, taxes or duties of all kinds that are incumbent on
   him, where applicable, in relation to his use of the Services. Price Drop
   cannot be held liable in any way in this regard.

2. The User acknowledges having read on the site the characteristics and
   constraints, in particular technical, of all the Services. He is solely
   responsible for his use of the Services.

3. The User is informed and accepts that the implementation of the Services
   requires that he be connected to the internet and that the quality of the
   Services depends directly on this connection, for which he is solely
   responsible.

4. The User is also solely responsible for the relationships that he may
   establish with other Users and the information that he communicates to them
   within the framework of the Services. It is up to him to exercise the
   appropriate prudence and discernment in these relationships and
   communications. The User further undertakes, in his exchanges with other
   Users, to respect the usual rules of politeness and courtesy.

5. The User undertakes to make strictly personal use of the Services. He
   therefore undertakes not to assign, grant or transfer all or part of his
   rights or obligations under these terms to a third party, in any manner
   whatsoever.

6. The User undertakes to provide Price Drop with all the information necessary
   for the proper execution of the Services. More generally, the User undertakes
   to cooperate actively with Price Drop with a view to the proper execution of
   these terms and conditions.

7. The User is solely responsible for the content of any nature (editorial,
   graphic, audiovisual or other, including the name and/or image possibly
   chosen by the User to identify him/her on the site) that he/she distributes
   within the framework of the Services (hereinafter referred to as: the
   "Content").

   He/she guarantees to Price Drop that he/she has all the rights and
   authorizations necessary for the distribution of these Contents.

   He/she undertakes that said Contents are lawful, do not infringe public
   order, morality or the rights of third parties, do not infringe any
   legislative or regulatory provision and, more generally, are in no way likely
   to give rise to the civil or criminal liability of Price Drop.

   The User is therefore prohibited from distributing, in particular and without
   this list being exhaustive:

   - pornographic, obscene, indecent, shocking or unsuitable for a family
     audience, defamatory, insulting, violent, racist, xenophobic or revisionist
     Content,

   - counterfeit Content,

   - Content that is detrimental to the image of a third party,

   - Content that is false, misleading or that offers or promotes illicit,
     fraudulent or misleading activities,

   - Content that is harmful to the computer systems of third parties (such as
     viruses, worms, Trojan horses, etc.),

   - and more generally Content that may infringe the rights of third parties or
     be harmful to third parties, in any way and in any form whatsoever.

8. The User acknowledges that the Services offer him an additional but not an
   alternative solution to the means he already uses elsewhere to achieve the
   same objective and that this solution cannot be a substitute for these other
   means.

9. The User must take the necessary measures to save by his own means the
   information in his Personal Space that he deems necessary, no copy of which
   will be provided to him.

10. The User is informed and accepts that the implementation of the Services
    requires him to be connected to the internet and that the quality of the
    Services depends directly on this connection, for which he is solely
    responsible.

## User Guarantee

The User guarantees Price Drop against any complaints, claims, actions and/or
claims whatsoever that Price Drop could suffer due to the User's violation of
any of its obligations or guarantees under these general conditions.

He undertakes to compensate Price Drop for any damage it may suffer and to pay
it all costs, charges and/or penalties it may have to bear as a result.

## Prohibited behavior

1. It is strictly forbidden to use the Services for the following purposes:

   - the exercise of illegal, fraudulent activities or activities that infringe
     the rights or security of third parties,

   - the violation of public order or the violation of laws and regulations in
     force,

   - the intrusion into the computer system of a third party or any activity
     likely to harm, control, interfere, or intercept all or part of the
     computer system of a third party, violate its integrity or security,

   - the sending of unsolicited emails and/or prospecting or commercial
     solicitation,

   - manipulations intended to improve the referencing of a third party site,

   - the assistance or incitement, in any form and in any manner whatsoever, to
     one or more of the acts and activities described above,

   - and more generally any practice diverting the Services for purposes other
     than those for which they were designed.

2. Users are strictly prohibited from copying and/or diverting for their own
   purposes or those of third parties the concept, technologies or any other
   element of the Price Drop site.

3. Also strictly prohibited are: (i) any behavior likely to interrupt, suspend,
   slow down or prevent the continuity of the Services, (ii) any intrusions or
   attempted intrusions into Price Drop's systems, (iii) any misappropriation of
   the site's system resources, (iv) any actions likely to impose a
   disproportionate burden on the latter's infrastructures, (v) any breach of
   security and authentication measures, (vi) any acts likely to harm the
   financial, commercial or moral rights and interests of Price Drop or users of
   its site, and finally, more generally, (vii) any breach of these general
   conditions.

4. It is strictly forbidden to monetize, sell or grant all or part of access to
   the Services or the site, as well as to the information hosted and/or shared
   there.

## Penalties for breaches

In the event of a breach of any of the provisions of these general terms and
conditions or, more generally, of a breach of the laws and regulations in force
by a User, Price Drop reserves the right to take any appropriate measure and in
particular to:

1. suspend or terminate access to the Services of the User, author of the breach
   or offence, or having participated in it,

2. delete any content posted on the site,

3. publish on the site any information message that Price Drop deems useful,

4. notify any relevant authority,

5. initiate any legal action.

## Price Drop's liability and guarantee

1. Price Drop undertakes to provide the Services diligently and in accordance
   with the rules of the art, it being specified that it has an obligation of
   means, to the exclusion of any obligation of result, which the Users
   expressly acknowledge and accept.

2. Price Drop has no knowledge of the Contents posted online by the Users as
   part of the Services, on which it does not carry out any moderation,
   selection, verification or control of any kind and with regard to which it
   only intervenes as a hosting provider.

   Consequently, Price Drop cannot be held responsible for the Contents, whose
   authors are third parties, any possible claim must be directed first to the
   author of the Contents in question.

   Content that is harmful to a third party may be notified to Price Drop in
   accordance with the terms set out in Article 6 I 5 of Law No. 2004-575 of 21
   June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy, with Price Drop reserving the
   right to take the measures described in the article "Sanctions for breaches".

3. Price Drop declines all liability in the event of any loss of information
   accessible in the User's Personal Space, the User having to save a copy and
   not being able to claim any compensation in this respect.

4. Price Drop undertakes to carry out regular checks to verify the operation and
   accessibility of the site. As such, Price Drop reserves the right to
   temporarily interrupt access to the site for maintenance reasons. Similarly,
   Price Drop cannot be held responsible for temporary difficulties or
   impossibilities of accessing the site that have their origin in circumstances
   beyond its control, force majeure, or that are due to disruptions in
   telecommunications networks.

5. Price Drop does not guarantee to Users (i) that the Services, subject to
   constant research to improve their performance and progress, will be
   completely free of errors, defects or faults, (ii) that the Services, being
   standard and in no way offered solely for the benefit of a given User based
   on their own personal constraints, will specifically meet their needs and
   expectations.

6. In any event, the liability that may be incurred by Price Drop under these
   terms is expressly limited to only direct damages proven to have been
   suffered by the User.

## Intellectual property

The systems, software, structures, infrastructures, databases and content of any
kind (texts, images, visuals, music, logos, brands, databases, etc.) used by
Price Drop on the site are protected by all intellectual property rights or
rights of database producers in force. Any disassembly, decompilation,
decryption, extraction, reuse, copying and more generally, any act of
reproduction, representation, distribution and use of any of these elements, in
whole or in part, without the authorization of Price Drop are strictly
prohibited and may be subject to legal action.

## Personal data

Price Drop practices a personal data protection policy, the characteristics of
which are explained in the document entitled _“**Privacy Charter**”_, which the
User is expressly invited to read on the site.

## Advertising

Price Dropse reserves the right to insert on any page of the site and in any
communication to Users any advertising or promotional messages in a form and
under conditions that Price Drops will be the sole judge of.

## Links and third-party sites

Price Drop may not be held responsible for the technical availability of
websites or mobile applications operated by third parties (including its
potential partners) to which the User may access via the site.

Price Drop assumes no responsibility for the content, advertisements, products
and/or services available on such third-party sites and mobile applications,
which are reminded to be governed by their own terms of use.

Price Drop is also not responsible for transactions between the User and any
advertiser, professional or merchant (including its potential partners) to whom
the User may be directed via the site and may not be a party to any potential
disputes with these third parties, particularly concerning the delivery of
products and/or services, guarantees, declarations and other obligations of any
kind to which these third parties are bound.

## Duration of Services, unsubscription

The Services are subscribed for an indefinite period.

The User may unsubscribe from the Services at any time, by sending a request to
this effect to Price Drop by email, to the contact details mentioned in the
article "Operator of the Services".

Unsubscription is effective immediately. It results in the automatic deletion of
the User's Account.

## Modifications

Price Drop reserves the right to modify these general conditions at any time.

The User will be informed of these modifications by any useful means.

The User who does not accept the modified general conditions must unsubscribe
from the Services according to the terms provided for in the article "Duration
of the Services, unsubscription".

Any User who uses the Services after the entry into force of the modified
general conditions is deemed to have accepted these modifications.

## Language

In the event of a translation of these general terms and conditions into one or
more languages, the language of interpretation will be French in the event of a
contradiction or dispute over the meaning of a term or a provision.

## Applicable law and jurisdiction

These general terms and conditions are governed by French law.

In the event of a dispute over the validity, interpretation and/or execution of
these general terms and conditions, the parties agree that the courts of Paris
will have exclusive jurisdiction to rule on it, unless mandatory procedural
rules contrary.

## Entry into force

These general terms and conditions entered into force on 01/08/2024.

###### Templates 11.100.34. Avocats Associés via Jurismatic, provided under the Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 3.0 FR license
